feat:Remove Addlink cta  and hide delete dropdown actions from AliasContent admin Manager (#98)
django-cms/djangocms-alias: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased
==========

> * feat:Remove Addlink cta  and hide delete dropdown actions from AliasContent admin Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* feat: Remove Add cta and hide delete dropdown actions from AliasContent admin ChangeList
```

Minor formatting

Author: Updated

Unreleased
==========

> * feat: Remove Add cta and hide delete dropdown actions from AliasContent admin ChangeList

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* feat: Remove Add cta and hide delete dropdown actions from AliasContent admin ChangeList

```

No line

Author: Updated
